docs: add a note explaining why python3-venv is required (#852)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/tutorial/pypi-package.rst

    :caption: rockcraft.yaml
    :language: yaml

.. note::

    This example uses ``python`` plugin along ``python-packages``, so ``pip`` is
    invoked implicitly to install such packages. `PEP 668`_ changes the
    behaviour of Python package managers like ``pip`` by introducing a special

>     marker (``EXTERNALLY-MANAGED``) that prevents ``pip`` from installing

Reviewer: Would this be more precise?

```suggestion
    environment variable (``EXTERNALLY-MANAGED``) that prevents ``pip`` from installing
```

Reviewer 2: It's not an environment variable - it's a file. Personally I think it's fine to keep it as the vague "marker"
